November 9th, 2023:
Printed barcodes of range TTL36001I to 38000I
These barcodes will remain at Gundabad's house for offseason inventory processing

November 13th, 2022:
Printed barcodes of range TTL30000I to TTL36000I.


---


From:	Oliver Chung <ochung@gmail.com>
Sent:	Monday, November 15, 2021 4:12 PM
To:	Laura Stringer
Cc:	La; Matt Morgan
Subject:	Re: Printing Barcodes for TT Library: How To?

I use an extremely outdated application called Xlabel to print these.  My understanding is that when the 
company that developed Xlabel stopped working on it, they released the product activation keys and 
that's what i've been using, even though on the surface it looks suspiciously like warez or whatever.  I 
have the executables, keys and the template I use for TT library, and you are welcome to manage it 
yourself going forward.  

Of course, the key to barcodes is never ever ever ever repeating one ever, especially for semi-
permanent ones used for inventory, so it makes sense for 1 person to be the Arbiter of Truth and be 
trusted to never print a duplicate or else library systems will fall apart, so once I hand this over, I will 
never again touch it - you will print your own from this point forward.  I would also hand over the 
ordering for your own barcode supply as well, since you'll be better positioned to guess how many codes 
you need, but I usually order 1 pack per show.  As a side note for aus, I've done some Weird Shit where I 
give PDFs for printing, but I think it's actually much harder to get everything aligned on the printer 
successfully and takes multiple test prints to get it right, so I would prefer not to do PDFs.  If you still 
want me to manage this, I can snag a pack of codes, print them and hand it to Laura or LA to take or ship 
to Unplugged.  Let me know if this is the case, otherwise I'll assume it's been handed off.

This is the zip of the software and the 
template: https://files.shoat.org/ttl_software_and_template.zip  The instructions for ongoing use is 
fairly simple - use the same barcode labels from Avery that we've always used and don't touch the 
template.  When you hit print, section #3 on the print dialog asks how many barcodes to print - you'll 
probably want to print an entire pack at a time, so leave it at 2000.  It remembers what the last printed 
code is and will resume from there as long as you save after you print.  If you mess up and print a bunch 
of numbers that can't be used or want to do a test print on normal paper before expensive paper, you 
can change the counter manually by right clicking the red <<counter>> text on the document and 
choosing properties.  This is where you would adjust the numbers/prefix/suffix.  As of the time of this 
message, the current number on the file is 16561.

If you are printing to a new printer, I highly suggest aligning and then double checking by printing it to a 
normal sheet of paper, and holding it up against a blank sheet of labels up to a light and spot checking 
the alignment.  In order to align, hit the print dialog, step 1, "Adjust..." and then hit the suggest 
button.  Tweak other numbers as needed (usually not if you are using the PAX standard brother 
printers).  Also also, know what direction you need to put the labels into the printer, I normally put them 
print side down on a Brother.  Also also also, be careful about barcode sheets sticking together 
(sometimes a couple sheets are stuck coming out of a new in box pack), I work around this by physically 
fanning out all the pages and physically loading the entire pack one sheet at a time to try to minimize it.

GLHF!

~Oliver

On Mon, Nov 15, 2021 at 12:40 PM Laura Stringer <lstringer@penny-arcade.com> wrote:
Hello!

I know you're not doing Unplugged, but had a question come up that I couldn't immediately answer - 
specifically how to set up and print new barcode sheets.

Our friend Gundabad (cc'd) was wondering if we have a standard print file or method, and further if we 
/ they could have access to such in the event they run out.

Would love to (a) know if this is the sort of thing that needs to be done by one specific person vs kinda 
anybody, and (b) if we can have access to print files and/or databases you use to keep things 
catalogued.

Thank you very much!

-- 
Laura Stringer | Penny Arcade, Inc. | Event Manager
mobile 440.840.5487 | twitter @stringerplz | pronouns she/her, he/him
penny-arcade.com | paxsite.com | pennyarcademerch.com 
